[testing_app] Migrate the sample to the integration_test package (#633)
flutter/samples: testing_app/README.md

- Open `coverage/index/index.html` in your preferred browser.
    
### CI/CD
- Refer [.github](../.github) and the [tool](../tool) directory to see how to test Flutter projects using GitHub Actions.

> Note that we aren't performing Flutter Integration tests using the GitHub Actions in this repo. That is because it's recommended to use physical devices to run Driver tests. You can use [Firebase Test Lab](https://firebase.google.com/docs/test-lab), [Codemagic](https://codemagic.io/) or any platform of your choice to do that.

Reviewer: Technically, Firebase Test Lab doesn't use Flutter Driver. It uses the integration_test package:

```suggestion
Note that tools like GitHub Actions can't run tests on a physical device, which is required to run integration tests. Instead, you can use [Firebase Test Lab](https://firebase.google.com/docs/test-lab), [Codemagic](https://docs.codemagic.io/testing/aws/) or any platform of your choice to do that.
```
